Creating Retraceur Plugins / blocks documentation (#18)
retraceur/retraceur.github.io: src/content/docs/plugins/index.mdx

export const pluginCode = `<?php
/**
 * Plugin Name: My Plugin
 * Description: A short sentence describing what it does.
 * Version: 1.0.0
 * Author: Your Name
 * Requires Retraceur: 4.0.0
 */
`;
export const pluginFileName = 'my-plugin/my-plugin.php';

export const blockCode = `<?php
/**
 * Plugin Name: My Block
 * Plugin Type: block
 * Description: A short sentence describing what it does.
 * Version: 1.0.0
 * Author: Your Name
 * Requires Retraceur: 4.0.0
 */
`;
export const blockFileName = 'my-block/my-block.php';
export const highlight = `Plugin Type: block`;

Retraceur can be extended in two complementary ways: Plugins and Blocks. Both are, technically, the same kind of resource — a set of PHP (it can also include JavaScript, CSS, etc...) files, both located into the `/wp-content/plugins` directory of your Website. What differs is the purpose they serve.

- A Plugin enriches Retraceur's features: it can add a new setting, a new Administration screen, change how something works behind the scenes, and so on.
- A Block enriches the writing experience: it gives you a new way to compose your posts, your pages, or the layout of your site directly from the Block Editor.

> Because of this difference in purpose, Plugins are managed from the Plugins administration screen, while Blocks are managed from the Blocks administration screen. Under the hood though, a Block is a Plugin: one that happens to declare itself as such, as you'll see below.

Author: ```suggestion
Because of this difference in purpose, Plugins are managed from the Plugins administration screen, while Blocks are managed from the Blocks administration screen. Under the hood though, a Block is a Plugin: one that happens to be typed as a block, as you'll see below.
```

## Everything starts with a single PHP file

> Whether you are building a Plugin or a Block, everything begins with one main PHP file — the one Retraceur will load first, often called the "boot" file. This file must contain a header comment describing your project: its name, its version, who maintains it, which versions of Retraceur it supports, and so on.

Author: ```suggestion
Whether you are building a Plugin or a Block, everything begins with the main PHP file — the one Retraceur will load first, often called the "boot" file. This file must contain a header comment describing your project: its name, its version, who maintains it, which versions of Retraceur it supports, and so on.
```

![Plugins Administration](../../../assets/images/build-plugins-header-tags-en.png)

> This header is what Retraceur reads to list your project in its administration screens. Nothing else is required to get started: as soon as a valid header is found, your Plugin or Block appears — ready to be activated.

Author: ```suggestion
This header comment is what Retraceur reads to list your project in its administration screens. Nothing else is required to get started: as soon as a valid header is found, your Plugin or Block appears — ready to be activated.
```
